hopefully you've all watched the video
and you now understand the importance of
the secret phrase
and what it entails
now keep in mind the account that i'm
creating here is not the account that i
will be using for any of my information
right so this wallet it's going to be
empty don't even try to access it
because it's not going to have anything
in it
but
if we go to next it's going to show you
your secret recovery phrase ensure that
you click the link here to download your
secret recovery phrase into a file
then what you'll do is
you'll click here
in order to reveal
your secret words
so when we click reveal here it'll
reveal the words
and
then we can go to the next step
and in the next step now we have to
select the words in the right order
and
once we select the words in the right
order we can confirm and then we've
created our account
so to do this you just select the words
and once you've reached 12th word
you can confirm and then if you've
selected them in the right order right
then
it should work out in your favor right
you should be able to confirm right now
you can see i can't confirm because
it's not in the correct order therefore
i need to ensure that i select them in
the correct order and that's what i'm
going to do now
i recommend that you all do the same and
then once you've selected them in the
right order you can click the confirm
button
once you have selected them in the right
order and press the confirm button you
will be greeted with the congratulation
page you've passed the test and your
security phrase is safe and it's your
responsibility so keep that file safe
and that gives you more tips for storing
it safely please make sure to read
through all of this and keep it safe we
are not responsible for anything you do
wrong in this case
you are responsible for your secret
recovery phrase
and that is that
so then you press all done and now you
have
a fully viable meta mask account
with ethereum in it and now we can
connect that to openc so let's look at
what that looks like